Hello and welcome back to the advanced
course on Tableau. We're starting off the
section on advanced data preparation and
analytics in Tableau. In order to get the
data set for the section, you need to go
to superdatascience.com/tableau-
advanced and now here if you
scroll down to section 4 advance data of prep
plus analytics in Tableau, you will see that
there are four files, there's a section
for the challenge, there's video file then we've
got the computer research CSV file and
two excel files which have been taken
from the Australian Bureau of
Statistics, so the website is abs.gov.au
and these files are one
is on retail turnover for industries and
other one is on demographic statistics.
So quite an interesting combination
let's have a quick look at the challenge
for this section.
Ok section 4 - the challenge, you are a
data scientist working for an Australian
retail chain operating in the clothing
retailing industry. To date the company
has only been running operations in New
South Wales which is a state in
Australia.
However, the board of directors is
considering an expansion into one of the
following three states: Queensland,
Victoria and Western Australia. You have been
asked to assess the business
environments for the industry in
question in each of these three states
and present your findings to the Board
of Directors in person.
Now of course to understand this
challenge a little bit better we need a
brief introduction to Australian
geography so let's have a quick look at
the second page of the challenge. Here
we've got a map of Australia and what
you can see here are the states and
territories that are highlighted, Australia
has a total of six states and two
territories so let's go through them one
by one. The largest one is a New South
Wales and that is a state and that is
also where Sydney is located. Next in
size is Victoria so these are the
numbers of the most recent population
numbers and next size is Victoria that is
where Melbourne is located, the next comes
Queensland with
4.8 million people that is where
Brisbane is located and that's that
somewhere there that's where I'm sitting
right now as I'm recording this video.
Next is Western Australia, that's where
Perth is somewhere here at the bottom
and then we've got South Australia and
that's where Alice Springs is and then
we've got the other smaller states such
Tasmania are also a state and then
we've got two territories. So Northern
Territory and we've got Australian
Capital Territory over there so Darwin
is somewhere up there in Northern
Territory and Australian capital
territory has Canberra which is the
capital of Australia. So from our
challenge we know that the company that
we're working for is currently operating
in a New South Wales already and they're
considering an expansion into one of the
following three states Queensland,
Victoria and Western Australia and
which is fair enough because these are
the next three largest state so you can
kind of see what logic the executives
are following their looking at the top
three states in terms of population and
they want to expand their chain there
and so our task is to understand in
which of these three states Queensland,
Victoria or Western Australia is the
business environment the best, the most
hospitable for a company like ours to
come and create another retail chain
and prosper,
so how we going to do that? Let's go and
have a look at the data set. In this
challenge we have three data sets, we've
got one which will start off first in
this section is a computer research so
if I open that up, even if I open up in a
notepad or text editor you can really
see so it's got four states is going to
companies so these are the competitors
with there was some competitive research
conducted and this is the net profit
margin of their of each of these
companies within each of those states. So
we can use this information to gather
and assess some statistics on how the
existing companies already operating in
the states and that will give us an
overview a general overview of
the business environment and how
favorable business environments are in
the four different states and then we've
got some information on the statistics
of how the industries are performing in
all different states so I won't open
these up now because it's a bit early
for us we will open them and investigate
them when we get to them in this section.
Overall, it's going to be fun and exciting
section and I look forward to seeing in
the first tutorial until then,
happy analyzing.